Add description on adding wfs layer (#3972)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_ogc/ogc_client_support.rst

To be able to load a WFS Layer we create a connection to the WFS server first.

> #. Open the :guilabel:`Data Source Manager` dialog pressing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Open the :guilabel:`Data Source Manager` dialog by pressing the
```

   |dataSourceManager| :sup:`Open Data Source Manager` button
#. Enable the |wfs| :guilabel:`WFS` tab
#. Click on :guilabel:`New...` to open the :guilabel:`Create a New WFS
   Connection` dialog
#. Enter ``Gateway Geomatics`` as name
#. Enter the URL (see above)

   .. _figure_OGC_create_wfs_connection:

   .. figure:: img/add_connection_wfs.png
      :align: center
   
      Creating a connection to a WFS server

#. In the WFS settings dialog, you can:

   * Indicate the WFS version of the server. If unknown, press the
     :guilabel:`Detect` button to automatically retrieve it.
   * Define the :guilabel:`maximum number of features` retrieved in a single
     GetFetFeature request. If empty, no limit is set.
   * :guilabel:`Invert axis orientation`.
   * And depending on the WFS version:

     * Force to :guilabel:`Ignore axis orientation (WFS 1.1/WFS 2.0)`

>      * :guilabel:`Enable feature paging` and specify the maximum of features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * :guilabel:`Enable feature paging` and specify the maximum number of features
```

       to retrieve with :guilabel:`Page size`. If no limit is defined, then the
       server default is applied.

   .. warning::

    Entering **username** and **password** in the :guilabel:`Authentication`
    tab will keep unprotected credentials in the connection configuration.
    Those **credentials will be visible** if, for instance, you shared the
    project file with someone. Therefore, it's advisable to save your

>     credentials in a *Authentication configuration* instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    credentials in an *Authentication configuration* instead
```

   Adding a WFS layer

You'll notice the download progress is visualized in the lower left of the QGIS
main window. Once the layer is loaded, you can identify and select a couple of
features and view the attribute table.

.. note::

>   QGIS supports different versions of WFS servers with for each, background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  QGIS supports different versions of the WFS protocol, with background
```
